Fixes 1.3.2 (#1179)
madler/zlib: README-cmake.md

As it's possible to only build the shared or the static lib, you can make sure that everything you need
is found. If no COMPONENTS are requested, everything needs to be found to satisfy your request. If the

> libraries are optional in you project, you can omit the REQUIRED and check yourself which components where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libraries are optional in your project, you can omit the REQUIRED and check yourself which components were
```

Author: Thank you

> found, either by checking for existence of the target, or by checking i.e ZLIB_shared_FOUND variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
found, either by checking for existence of the target, or by checking the ZLIB_shared_FOUND variable, for example.
```

When you search for minizip, it will search zlib for you, so only one of both is needed.

> Note: If you don't list the components you want to use and one of them is not present, this is an hard error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you don't list the components you want to use and one of them is not present, this is a hard error.
```
